>> Kyle Simpson: So notice that fourth
here is an array with the values 4 and
5 in it.
What would we expect the fourth variable
to be over here on the left when
I remove that 4 and 5,
what would be the expecting,
the variable fourth to hold
on the left hand side?
We're taking an array and
saying I want you to start slicing
this array at this position.
And this array doesn't have a position
there, it doesn't have any values, but
what is slice always gonna
return to us in that case?
>> Kyle Simpson: An empty array, right?
That's what we would expect is,
there's nothing there, so
it's just an empty array.
And the exact same thing is true over
here, if there's nothing in that position,
at a minimum, the gather operator, the
rest operator, it gives us an empty array,
which is very convenient.
Instead of having to deal with,
it could be undefined, or null, or
something like that.
>> Kyle Simpson: The gather syntax,
by the way, the rest syntax,
it has to show up at
the end of the pattern.
You can't gather in the middle and
then have other things listed after it,
it has to be at the very
end of the pattern.
Because it's getting,
it's gathering everything else up,
it's gathering the rest of the values.
>> Kyle Simpson: Little nuance here
that I've been hand-waving over but
it seems like a good time for
me to call out.
Can any of you spot the difference
between the left hand side and
the right hand side,
functionally, behaviorally?
There is a difference here.
>> Student: In terms of the amount
of declaration that's happening or
the sequence of the declaration?
>> Kyle Simpson: No,
I mean the outcome of these two programs.
There's a difference in outcome
between these two programs.
>> Student2: The temp is changed.
>> Kyle Simpson: There's a temp
on the left hand side but
there is no temp at all
on the right hand side.
No, and I think you were trying
to indicate the slice is-
>> Student2: [INAUDIBLE] slice
[INAUDIBLE].
>> Kyle Simpson: It doesn't mutate it.
>> Student2: Okay,
it doesn't mutate it, okay.
>> Kyle Simpson: Sub-slice of the array,
but the big difference is,
there's a tmp over here and
there's no tmp on this side.
>> Kyle Simpson: And
it's not a huge difference actually.
But it is an important difference because
it speaks to the idea that when you
destructure, you're just
sort of ephemerally saying,
I want this structure to exist for
this brief period of time and
then break it out into pieces and
then throw away the big structure.
Which is often what you want, but
it might be the case that
you'd actually like to
have a reference to
the whole structure as well.
And the way that we would do that on this
side is to get tmp equal to data and
then to break it down, and that's exactly
the same thing that we would do over here.
We would say get me a tmp,
>> Kyle Simpson: So
I'm saying vartmp equals data, and
then have this thing equal to that value,
so this pattern is going
to break down the tmp.
So if I already had
a vartmp that was declared,
then this thing is going to happen,
I'm gonna get tmp assign to the array, and
then that array is gonna get
destructured by this pattern.
>> Kyle Simpson: So if you need to
get access to both the value and
its destructured parts,
you just simply chain an equals together.
It is common for in my experience
to put the reference to it,
over here on the right next
to where the value is, and
then have the destructuring
pattern to the left of it.
But technically you can actually
do it in the other order,
we'll see that in a little bit.